2nd Remove adding credentials to Web.config (#1767)
MicrosoftDocs/SupportArticles-docs: support/developer/webapps/iis/www-authentication-authorization/troubleshooting-forms-authentication.md

</httpModule>
```

> You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element. For instance, you have a login page. In the configuration file, you specify a URL to redirect unauthenticated requests to the login page. Then define valid credentials, either in the *Web.config* file or in a separate file. The following example shows a section from a configuration file that specifies a login page and authentication credentials for the `Authenticate` method. The passwords have been encrypted by using the `HashPasswordForStoringInConfigFile` method.

Reviewer: The second sentence doesn't make sense as a standalone sentence, should it be merged with the first,

_You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element, for example setting a login page._

> You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element. For instance, you have a login page. In the configuration file, you specify a URL to redirect unauthenticated requests to the login page. 

Reviewer 2: Should we keep the sentence about defining credentials?

```suggestion
You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element. For instance, you have a login page. In the configuration file, you specify a URL to redirect unauthenticated requests to the login page. Then define valid credentials, either in the *Web.config* file or in a separate file.
```

Reviewer: I'd remove it. Aside from it being SHA1 (ha), it's such a bad practice why discuss it at all?

> You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element. For instance, you have a login page. In the configuration file, you specify a URL to redirect unauthenticated requests to the login page. 

Reviewer: As above, merging sentences.

> You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element. For instance, you have a login page. In the configuration file, you specify a URL to redirect unauthenticated requests to the login page. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure forms authentication by using the authentication configuration element, for example setting a login page. In the configuration file, specify a URL to redirect unauthenticated requests to the login page. 
```
